# FinalProject 

Help and Guide
Today’s society faces many challenges. With all this constant challenge we have encountered a silent evil that have emerged and is taking the lives of so many. With the increase in cases of suicide, a demand for people to understand and help people with mental health problems is nigh. With this thinking I decided to create an application in which will help people during crises, guiding friends and family to understand and help the ones they love though this difficult time.
With that in mind I created an application that would help them with information about mental health issues. The application has five interactable buttons. Each one of them will have a specific path to the information they hold. For example, once the user clicks the “What is Depression” button, it will take him to the Nacional Institute of Mental Health website. To the depression overview. The “Crisis” button will take the user to the Nacional Alliance on Mental Illness website. To a specific area where there is information and a video to show what to do in a crisis. The “How to Spot Someone with Issues” button will take the Medical News Today. Where the user will find many steps to be able to recognize the hidden signs of depression. The “Add Contact” button, where the user will be able to save to a contact list important people. Such as, family, close friends and therapist. For last the “Contact List” button, where the user will be able to see the contact information and phone number, that was added with the “Add Contact” button. 
In parts the application was simple, but as I suspected the friendly user interface was the challenge. It took many hours of research to integrate the different parts of the application. Specially for the contact list. One stretch that I was not able to achieve was the display of the information in a new window. It is displayed in the form of print statement. Also was very difficult to synergize the tkinter file with kivy. I tried to do two different kinds of user interface. Where tkinter would be a regular application and the kivy a mobile application. With some success I was able to integrate them. From this project I have learned that creating a user interface with multiple windows is very hard. Also learned a lot about object-oriented programing. In which I will apply more efforts through the future. I was very pleased with my accomplishment with this application. I had never done anything with a more complex user interface. It still a very long way from a good application. But it gave the eager to learn more, to do better in the future. I would not do anything different then what I have done. In the future with more knowledge I might come back to it and make it a possible sellable application. 
	All in all, the project was expected to be fairly simple, but during its creation it was shown to be more of a challenge than I had expected. Which gave me more joy once I had finished it. It still a long way from something exceptional. But it is a start. This project opened my mind to the numerous possibilities and that I am capable of doing something worth selling in the future.


